<h2>My Reaction to the Floating Sheep Manifesto</h2>

    In the scheme of things I like to think of myself as cartographer more than anything. I am a very visual type of person so I have always focused on maps themselves as well as the principles behind them. I have always had an intense interest in creating maps even from a young age. The aspect that attracts me most to cartography is the learning process and expirmentation. Each time you create a map its a different trial and error process. You learn things about certain places and see patterns through different locations. They are made to drive a certain point or points through images. The fact is I have always learned better through pictures which would explain how I see myself under the cartographer role.
    
    The plans that I have for my mapping career are to find a computer mapping job that I will enjoy. Specifically something more towards the geologic and landscape mapping industry around the area of Virginia. A job working for the national forest service would suit my interest especially if it involved mapping natural points along a trail and them putting together a map used from that data. I majored in geography and minored in geology so I am looking for a profession relating to that area of study. 
    
    One of the points that the manifesto glosses over is the data compiled from marraige rates and whole milk consumption in Kentucky. I do not see much of any correlation between these two datasets and here is why. First off the data just comes from one specific area and not the whole United States. I doubt the whole US would have the same outcome of data. Also, it is entirely possible that the two datasets just happen to be similar.
    
    Another point shown is how the mercator projection makes places like Greenland and Antarctica appear larger than they actually are. While there is no single perfect map projection, this one has commonly been used in the past and present to manipulate world politics. This has been done in a variety of ways but one example that shines out to me is a communism propoganda map authored back in the 1950s. It definatly appears to use mercator projection by showing the threat of communism. It takes communist nations and makes them appear larger than they actually are. This is all while the non communist nations are projected as being smaller.
    
    The distribution of rats map is another dataset that does not make particular sense. It shows rats is being present in every part of Detroit while rats have bitten people in only certain parts of the city. It does not really have a good point considering rats will be pretty much anywhere there is food and water. Also, rat bites can pretty much happen at random so there is no particular pattern to this map.
    
    I do find the map showing Russia and Ukraine to be somewhat amusing. I understand to point it tries to make but has very vague detail. Showing Russia's location in red might be the best attribute about this map. No other nations or bodies of water are labeled making anyone viewing this map unable to get bearings on anything. 
    
    The inclusive research project seems like a good first draft for brainstorming ideas but is not so good at making a direct point of the project. I understand that it shows the process of a project but the process is hard and confusing to follow. I had a hard time trying to find the point of this project from the way it was displayed.
    
    The map in lexington that shows where restaurants are is something I actually found to be a useful map. It is a clear and simple map showing places to eat in downtown Lexington. That is something that would be quite useful if you worked or lived within walking distance of those places.